- Ruby Koans

The Ruby Koans walk you along the path to enlightenment in order to learn Ruby. The goal is to learn the Ruby language, syntax, structure, and some common
functions and libraries. We also teach you culture by basing the koans on tests. Testing is not just something we pay lip service to, but something we
live. Testing is essential in your quest to learn and do great things in Ruby.

- Describing my experience

During my experience with Ruby Koans, I've encountered various challenges that have significantly enhanced my understanding of Ruby. One of the notable challenges was the triangle exercise, where I had to refactor a series of if statements into a more concise and elegant solution. This exercise not only taught me about the power of Ruby's syntax but also highlighted the importance of writing clean and maintainable code.

Another aspect that I found intriguing was the focus on performance optimization. In particular, I learned about the performance differences between using += and << for string concatenation. While both operators can be used to concatenate strings, << is generally more efficient as it appends the right-hand side to the original string without creating a new string object. This insight into performance considerations has made me more mindful of my coding practices and has encouraged me to seek out more efficient solutions in my Ruby projects. More content about performace can be found on 1_performance.rb file. 

Overall, my journey with Ruby Koans has been incredibly rewarding. It has not only deepened my understanding of Ruby but has also sharpened my problem-solving skills and encouraged me to strive for elegant and efficient code.
